Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Darkness is trying to set in Mystery Babylon. I'm telling you, great Mystery Babylon. It will be like a dark blanket will blanket thee.
If they choose this man (Zohran Mamdani), I see a dark blanket blanketing, and people will flee.
I hear the word flee. They will leave by the tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands.
They will leave. People, I see them fleeing if he's voted in. People will know that this is the end.
Father, you know if he'll be voted in or not; what I'm hearing you say is what I'm seeing is going to happen.
He said, "No, they still have a choice. They have a choice to vote."He's held a veil.
I don't see the outcome, but I see the outcome if they vote this way concerning this man.
I see a dark cloud; it's a dark blanket over them. And I see financial structures falling.
I see the financial institutions and all the money falling.
I see a fleeing of the city, like people saying, "We're out of here!"I see it's like a mass migration of people coming. People fleeing certain areas.